dude check this out we work with so many
brands that do Super Bowl commercials I
kid you not in almost all cases there's
not a positive Roi on a Super Bowl
commercial but they do it for Branding
and they do it because they're big and
they can afford to do it
Neil on the topic of you know agencies
and talent how should Brands be
approaching the decision to use an
agency versus having their own in-house
team
honestly almost majority of our
customers have a bit of both they have
some internal resources that are doing
marketing and then they have an agency
that specializes in certain areas that
helps them fine-tune and grow and scale
faster
it's just about Roi you can do either
approach there's not right or wrong I'm
not here to pitch anyone saying you got
to use the agents here you got to do
in-house you gotta figure out what's
best for you as an organization but it's
basic math you spend a dollar you better
be making more than a dollar if you're
not there's something wrong in the long
run short run sure you're gonna have
some losses but in the long run it
should be profitable for you
and you probably can bring up a team of
people and move a brand forward much
quicker than than a company can with it
without with in-house Talent especially
if they don't have any
Bingo especially for large corporations
and even for small companies we can not
just do it faster but we can do it more
efficiently and what I mean efficiently
for example if you need something very
specific for tick tock if you're a small
business it's really expensive to just
hire two or three people like oh I
specialize in Tick Tock ads I specialize
in creating organic content for tick
tock it starts getting really expensive
while we have a lot of people that
specialists in different things and you
mainly need a fraction of their time so
it's also more practical and economical
speaking of the social marketing
um you know I follow you on LinkedIn and
Instagram and you put out a lot of
content there and you have over the
years I'm just curious
um you know what do you think is the
most valuable for business to business
like you're doing now uh is it which
channel is it the type of content is it
you know the topics and I'm curious how
do you track the results from things
like you know the I don't know the in
insane amount of Instagram reels that
you put out every day yeah so uh
uh I filmed the reels and my team
publishes them for me I'm on a plane
most of the time anyway so I I don't
even look at my own feed or log into
Instagram on a daily basis I like
checking the direct messages and people
ask for help that's one of my favorite
things to do is to help them uh I'm a
big believer the key isn't not
necessarily the platform you're on it's
a type of content so I don't post
generic content like if I was 20 years
old here's how I would start my life all
over again because I'm focusing on
trying to close Fortune 1000 companies
right or Global 1000 companies to pay
for our services those that kind of
content isn't going to convince them to
buy from me but if I posted the type of
content says you know if I was 20 here's
how it would start my life all over
again that kind of content would go more
viral get more followers and do well
from all our tests
we are big Believers if you want to
generate Revenue you got to post the
right type of content going after the
Right audience and that's done really
well for us and then just put on all the
platforms because even though LinkedIn
may be the B2B Network there's still a
lot of people who work at businesses who
use Instagram or Tick Tock and there's
Revenue to be generated for all of them
especially if you're already created the
content might as well repurpose it it
doesn't really cost you much more it
doesn't take much more of your time
either way
I I have a question when you're when
you're going through the sales cycle
with some of these Fortune you know 500
companies whatever how long does it
typically take like from
introduction to getting a contract
signed how long what's like the longest
you've seen and what's like the average
sure and to go back on your other
question uh before I answer that on how
do you track the ROI we believe in just
a lot of campaigns are for Branding and
we don't worry about Roi and some
campaigns are for Roi and we track them
but social media we look at it as just
brand building and we don't worry about
the ROI and it's worked out really well
for us and a lot of our clients the
question on sales cycle uh that you're
asking Harrison
it pre- uh pre the economy really
getting crushed more and more and more
um I would say our sales cycle was
anywhere from three to six months and
now we're lucky if it's a three-month
sales cycle uh six months to maybe up to
a year right now in this economy
and we still do get some of them like
like great example
I got
my team got introduced uh to the CMO of
a 20 plus billion dollar company
four months ago we're now starting to
have good conversations with them we
haven't even got to proposal stage we're
just diving in and figuring out how we
can help them Etc so you're looking at
if we can close the deal maybe three
four more months
long skills like typical big contracts
or if they're not big contracts they're
tiny with the division of a really large
corporation and then you have the
potential to sell into many different uh
of their divisions which are massive
businesses in themselves right like some
of these divisions do like three billion
four billion in Revenue a year right and
they're like a small division for some
of these corporations or a mid-size
Division and then you also have the
opportunity to sell not just multiple
divisions but multiple regions as well
in countries right so a combination of
both those really make the campaigns
scale up really fast it's land and
expand
you know oh go ahead Adam oh I was just
gonna agree with them when we sell to
four to Fortune 500s it can take six
months 12 months we've seen it takes
years yeah the legal is always messy
takes forever the back and forth I mean
we sell software so our contracts might
be a little bit more uh sensitive around
data but yeah it can take a long time at
summary and some of our contracts some
people have hit us up two years ago
never signed with us and then two three
years later they come and sign but I
would say the averages are you're look
if we're lucky three months uh if we're
unlucky a year I was really happy to
hear you say that you do some of the
work you do for Branding and you don't
track the ROI and it's funny it seems
counter-intuitive to hear that from
someone's whose roots are Performance
Marketing but we learned but let's go
back on this right for one moment sorry
to cut you off it's all good if you want
a car what brand comes to mind Ferrari
okay are you gonna google for our
Ferrari or you just know you want a
Ferrari I just know I want it okay if
you want to get a new credit card where
do you go
um I have great American Express
anywhere
why do you pick American Express because
they have a hell of a brand they've done
the branding it came first to mind in my
brain because of all that branding I
didn't think oh just because I want
these points I just thought Amex if you
want running shoes basketball shoes
football shoes soccer shoes where do you
go Adidas
yeah so you're a lot of what people pick
is because of the brand they see in
these companies being out there for a
long long time right one is age and two
is bran and a lot of times you build a
brand by just being in business long
enough and having a good product or
service but it's how most people
actually make their decisions
the performance mark inside the SEO
affiliate marketing pay-per-click social
media ads email marketing Etc conversion
rate optimization it's all great it
helps you generate more sales when you
generate those sales and you create
amazing experiences it also helps you
build a brand does it mean that you
should only do branding no does it mean
you should only do Performance Marketing
no you need a mixture of both and
eventually the majority of your sales as
you become an old Corporation I'm not
talking about five or ten years old I'm
talking 20 30 years old ends up becoming
because people are just familiar with
the brand and you've created a good
product or service over the years
it's it's not exactly the same atom but
we it's not too far off from our trade
show strategy we've built a brand people
see the logo on their badges on their
lanyards the big booth and then
eventually they need something they need
to track their calls and they we come to
mind it's not quite an Adidas level
scale but Neil's exercise kind of
highlighted that for me like it's a
different goal but it's kind of the same
it's the same thing in a different
vertical and Adidas has is always going
to have a bigger brand than you guys or
me and not to track crap on you guys
need to be they're in consumer everyone
can wear Adidas shoes from a little kid
to adult before they pass away and
hopefully people live for a long time a
little superstitious on knocking on wood
but um we're in B2B you're not going to
have the branding of Adidas does and the
reason being is because the majority of
the world is not an ideal customer so it
doesn't make sense for you you gotta
spend that kind of money in brands Super
Bowl at spot yeah yeah
cool more people know about you but you
just spend a lot of money and got very
little results from it for how much you
spent dude check this out we work with
so many brands that do Super Bowl
commercials I kid you not in almost all
cases there's not a positive Roi on a
Super Bowl commercial but they do it for
Branding and they do it because they're
big and they can afford to do it does it
mean you should do a Super Bowl
commercial I think there's probably
better ways to spend money on a
performance than for sure and from a
branding and I also believe there's a
way better way to spend money because
the cost for Super Bowl ad is so
expensive uh when you buy Super Lads
they don't just make you buy the super
ad in most cases they make you buy
airtime on other uh for other programs
like this year when people bought money
uh for the last Super Bowl
was it this last one or the one before
that they wanted people to start or
technically not the last one the one
before that they wanted people to start
buying ads for Olympics and all this
kind of stuff so you're spending
whatever Millions on the Super Bowl
you're spending another six 10 million
dollars in ancillary stuff for Branding
and when you start looking at it there
are just better ways to spend that money
even if it was for branding
I'm curious on The Branding front or
just Marketing in general for your
clients how does your strategy generally
change when you look at a client who's
doing six seven eight nine figures like
obviously they're going to spend more
money as they get bigger but are there
any key Milestones as to the size of
your client where you adjust the
strategy they've become less performance
focused and more branding focused or
does it really depend on the goals of
the client depends on the goals and if
they're publicly traded or not and if
they have quarterly earnings and all
those kind of things but keep in mind we
really don't see the six figure clients
that often or the seven figure clients
our clients are typically much larger
and majority of our Revenue probably
comes from multi-billion Dollar
organizations uh
so for us what we see is mainly just a
scale thing even when we look at like
eight figure nine figure and
multi-billion dollar companies it
typically is just a scale thing and
depending on your goals one quarter or
another you may just shift how you're
where you're spending the money
no I know I know we only have a few more
minutes with you I want to make sure we
get this question in as well but what
are your goals for 2023 how do you set
those goals and how often do you adjust
economies crap expand more globally it's
cheaper to expand and hire in a bad
Market although it's very painful cost
wise because business is not as good in
a bad market
and uh that is our main goal so 20 plus
countries this year get the leaders
ramped up and next year by the end I
want to be in call it 30 to 35 countries
in total and then eventually get to 50.
um because it's land and expand we may
close a really small deal with a large
Global 1000 brand in Singapore we
actually recently did I won't mention
the name but everyone here and probably
everyone in the world knows the brand
they don't do like a 10 billion in
Revenue they do tens and tens and tens
of billions in Revenue
uh and their consumer but when we look
at that we do well we can get many more
divisions and many more countries and
when I say it was a tiny account I'm
talking about less than six figures a
year uh in dollars uh because you have
to convert the currency but even in
their currency it's less than six
figures and I believe over time we can
grow that account to a five ten million
dollar account right so it's just more
land and expand because we've been
dealing with a lot of big Brands like
massive Brands that's been you know
hundreds of millions billions of
marketing a lot of times they don't want
to test you out in major markets like
the United States because it's risky if
something goes wrong so they'll test you
out in a small region you do well
they'll keep giving you more and if you
outperform the incumbent eventually
they'll give you the majority of it
that's a hell of a back door the way you
just described it there to open in a
much lower to your country provide great
service to a giant company and then sell
through the company as opposed to trying
to land them in the first World Market
that's uh it's a very two we've only
been around for five years so I think
we'll take another five plus years to
really see it in fruition but I like
that you're thinking that way I think
most entrepreneurs you know they're
they're always hustling worrying about
today but that it's that type of
strategy that you just described that
allows the long game yeah to take a
bootstrapped organization and turn it
into a billion dollar business you
really gotta I gotta think five years
ten years out even even from the early
days
yeah
no we got one more question for you
before we let you get out of here and
it's another loaded question how can
somebody generate more website traffic
you're gonna have to take an
omni-channel approach and let me be
clear on this being on Facebook
Instagram Twitter your own blog and SEO
and email marketing Etc that's not an
omni Channel protest a multi-channel
approach when the channels start working
together you're creating a congruent
experience from the different channels
and creating a great customer experience
where they know what they're going to
get and they know how the Brand's going
to be and the services and what to
expect no matter where they are what
channel they're interacting with you on
that's an omni Channel experience right
you got to create that congruent
experience
and the way to get the web traffic is
you have to be on all the channels you
know I've known Harrison for a long time
when we started out in the industry
businesses were built on one channel a
lot of them were like you could just do
SEO and do really well or you could say
Hey you want more space on Dropbox tweet
it out and share it on the social
networks and give you free more free
space and they'll blow up or Facebook
email blast just you know scrape the
address book of anyone in your Gmail
inbox your outlook inbox and send the
email out to everyone to just get more
people to sign up those strategies don't
work as well as they used to doesn't
mean they don't work they just don't
work as well as they use them yeah and
all these channels that work eventually
get competitive doesn't mean they're
dead it just means they're harder to
produce results from so the only way to
really do well is you got to take an
omnichannel approach and be on all of
them and do it consistently for many
years which is probably why not what
people don't want to hear but that's the
reality